Shut up, do what I tell you, I'm not interested; these are just some of the things you'll be hearing if you answer this ad. I'm an idiot and I dont care about anyone but myself. P.S. No dogs! Hello, IT. Have you tried turning it off and on again? Might want to play a bit hard to get. They just toss us away like yesterday's jam. Oh my God. I didn't even know Smarties made a cereal. They don't. It's just Smarties in a bowl with milk. A story of a young man trying to find his sexuality in the uncaring Thatcher years. Warning: Contains scenes of graphic homoeroticism. 

Oh really? Then why don't you come down and make me then. Might want to play a bit hard to get. Uh... okay, well, the button on the side, is it glowing? Yeah, you need to turn it on... uh, the button turns it on. When I started Reynholm Industries, I had just two things in my possession: a dream and 6 million pounds. It's like they're pally-wally with us when there's a problem with their printer, but once it's fixed... 

I'm going to murder you... You bloody woman! Might want to play a bit hard to get. No, no there you go, no there you go. I just heard it come on. A gay musical, called Gay. That's quite gay. Gay musical? Aren't all musicals gay? This must be, like, the gayest musical ever. Nicer ambulances, faster response times and better looking drivers mean they're not just the Emergency Services, they're your Emergency Services. How long have you been disabled? Ten years? Ten years, and how did it happen? If that's not a rude question. Acid? 

You mean 999. Yes, yes, I mean 999! Yeah, I know. That's the American one, you berk! You know, it's high tide. But we're not on the coast. I'm closed for maintenance! Closed for maintenance? I've fallen to the communists! Well, they do have some strong arguments. Oh my God. I didn't even know Smarties made a cereal. They don't. It's just Smarties in a bowl with milk. Shut up, do what I tell you, I'm not interested; these are just some of the things you'll be hearing if you answer this ad. I'm an idiot and I dont care about anyone but myself. P.S. No dogs! Yes! If there were such a thing as a drudgeon, that is what we'd be to them. While he was eating, did you hear anyone laughing? Like... in the kitchen area? Yes! Yes I did, actually, yes I did. That'd be trouser food! 

It's my term for my time of the month. Oh. What time of the month? The weekend? Uh... okay, well, the button on the side, is it glowing? I'm a 32 year old IT-man who works in a basement. Yes, I do the whole Lonely Hearts thing! Nicer ambulances, faster response times and better looking drivers mean they're not just the Emergency Services, they're your Emergency Services. I've got Aunt Irma visiting. Oh, do you not like Aunt Irma? I've got an aunt like that. He's had quite an evening. Someone stole his wheelchair. Did you see who it was? Red bearded man. 


